me away
go
looking back
gonna take the win
my turn is gone
whoa
hey everyone Mike and I her out this
afternoon a couple different locations
and just had a nice I squeaker here and
has some type of silver and it's a mark
cool I rat thank you All Right see what
date we have their 16b yeah would be
nice I doubt it
well I just stuck my first we penny of
the day
all right and it's picked up another
week honey not around eight inches let
us pick up my third wheat penny of the
afternoon little Mike's getting a target
here you got their bike all Dave I'm
getting a it's reading it about seven or
eight inches right there okay I love you
guys listen to it somebody all right
let's you have
we
see what it is have another wheat penny
what were the numbers on that anyways I
was it was it was mostly going to talk
well 46 good honey would repeat 02
happens here
if it's two half times Dave see what
there's silver it is yep all right Merc
all right let's dig there hey sweet so
you can get a year off that
you